1. If 1 and 2 makes 4, what does 2 and 2 make?
2. Give 3 different metaphors for abortion.
3. If pornography of yourself were to exist, what would be your preferred format for it to be in?
4. Which do you consider more important, loyalty or honesty, and why?
5. Which commonly used stereotype do you feel most accurately reflects you?
6. Fill this box with something that improves on emptiness. *box*
7. The only proper response to an arbitrary stimulus is arbitrary response. True or False? Why?
8. Can some things be universally better than other things? If yes, give a system for how to tell which things are better than others, If no, justify why your answer is any better than the 'yes' answer.
9. What is your personal definition of god?
10. What is your personal definition of love?
11. 
	A. Describe yourself in a paragraph.
    	B. If you were the above paragraph to read as a description of a person you had not met, what would your initial impression of that person be?
12. Give an example of something that is beautiful, and justify why.
13. Arrange the following terms on a scale of virtue to flaw:
Arrogance, mercy, hubris, optimism, impartiality, selfishness, humility, forgiveness.
14. The world obeys fixed laws. True or false?
15. What is the most valuable thing a person could do with an hour of time?
16. What causes a child to become an adult?
17. If you had one piece of advice for a student graduating from high-school what would it be?
18. What, if anything is the difference between humans and animals?
19. What makes a person intelligent?
20. How do you measure success in life?
21. If you had to be sold into slavery to one person who would it be?
22. If you found yourself to be adopted, would finding your biological parents be important? Why?
23. Describe a world you would consider an ideal world in a paragraph.
24. Given the world in your answer to the previous question, give one major social problem that would exist.
25. What do you think a reasonable price would be for a healthy adult human slave in your country of residence, if slavery were legal?
26. Group the following: Blue Fixation Honour Key Love Order Money People Power Red Honor Transience.
27. Draw a picture of the next hundred years as you see them in the provided area.
28. Would you rather a false memory of a pleasant experience, or to have had that pleasant experience and not remember it?
